Ahaha, sister, he hit me
Ahaha Xiaofei, why do you hit people?
hit people
I'm educating him.
His father died early
Just call you
You have to get out of here
Now get them out of here.
Is it too cheap?
Give you face
Don't be right
Just to advise you
You know your brother Fei's temper
If you start
Not only is Shen Lang going to the hospital
Your mother and your sister are probably going to suffer too
You are really deceiving people.
You stole the fruits of my labor, don't say
And kicked me out of the company
Why do you need me now?
You want to use violence to force me back
Do you have hearts or not?
As a neighbor, you should respect
You also know your brother and me
Patience is limited
If you don't come back to the company with me
I'll give you three numbers.
I'll do it.
You dare to threaten us
I advise you now
Immediately let Snow Eagle slap the slap back
I can still let you go
Otherwise, which hand did you bleed?
I'll break your hand
sister
I know what this trash said
Lao Tzu is a black belt in taekwondo
one hand
I can beat you down